Update self-asserted-technical-profile.md (#66184)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/self-asserted-technical-profile.md

| setting.showCancelButton | No | Displays the cancel button. Possible values: `true` (default), or `false` |
| setting.showContinueButton | No | Displays the continue button. Possible values: `true` (default), or `false` |
| setting.showSignupLink <sup>2</sup>| No | Displays the sign-up button. Possible values: `true` (default), or `false` |

> | setting.forgotPasswordLinkLocation <sup>2</sup>| No| Displays the forgot password link. Possible values: `AfterLabel` (default) the link is displayed direct after the label or after the password input field when there is no label,  `AfterInput` the link is displayed after the password input field, `AfterButtons` the link is displayed on the bottom of the form after the buttons or `None` removes the forgot password link.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| setting.forgotPasswordLinkLocation <sup>2</sup>| No| Displays the forgot password link. Possible values: `AfterLabel` (default) displays the link directly after the label or after the password input field when there is no label,  `AfterInput` displays the link after the password input field, `AfterButtons` displays the link on the bottom of the form after the buttons, or `None` removes the forgot password link.|
```
